Andreas "ENTE" Endres is responsible for the sound assortment used in World of Padman except the sound files listed below. The rest of the WoP-Team has no influence to the sound files not listed there, which are part of the World of Padman game, and cannot be hold liable for any infringement of third party rights.

The following list shows information about file names, locations, authors and source links of sounds, which were selected by Kai "Kai-Li" Bergmann. All sounds are edited and partially heavily modified to make them suitable to World of Padman. All of these sounds are royality free and were released under according licences. The copyrights belong to the respective authors.



* air_conditioning.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		digitopia; PacDV
source:		http://www.freesound.org; http://www.pacdv.com/sounds

* air_leakage.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		altemark
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* airplane_jet.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		digifishmusic
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* airplane_dingdong.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		aaronray
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* airplane_pass-by.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Mike Koenig
source:		http://soundbible.com

* airplane_radio.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/human/
author:		833-45
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* alarm_buzzer.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		HardPCM
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* announcement_eastwood.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Simon Furkert
source:		Simon Furkert

* announcement_endres.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Simon Furkert
source:		Simon Furkert

* announcement_session.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Simon Furkert
source:		Simon Furkert

* applause.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/human/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* bicycle_bell.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		UncleSigmund
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* blackcap_calling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		evernaut
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* camera_film_8mm.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		eklee
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* camera_film_old.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		bjornredtail
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* car_crash.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		audible-edge; FatLane
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* car_engine_onoff.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* cardinal_calling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		PsychoBird
source:		http://soundbible.com

* channel_hopping_upstairs.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Kai Bergmann
source:		several WoP related videos

* cicada_chirp.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		fotomacc
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* city_traffic.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		PacDV
source:		http://www.pacdv.com/sounds

* clock_alarm.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/clock_alarm
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* clock_ticking.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/clock_ticking
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* coffee_maker_dripping.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		pauliep83
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* common_blackbird_calling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		reinsamba
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* coyote_howling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Roger Foreman
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* cricket_chirping.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		acclivity
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* cricket_chirping2.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		soundscalpel.com
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* crow_cawing.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		davidworksonline
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* dog_barking_long.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Ron Font
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* dog_barking_short.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Ron Font
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* dog_small_barking.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Tomlija
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* door_buzzer.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		PacDV
source:		http://www.pacdv.com/sounds

* eagle_shouting.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		foosiemac
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* electric_sizzle.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Timbre
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* electric_sparks.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Halleck
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* evil_laughter.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		teqstudios
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* fan_pc.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		earthsounds
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* faulty_mechanics.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Stephan Schutze
source:		http://soundbible.com

* fence_hit.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		RHumphries
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* fire_crackling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* fire_engine_pass-by.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		PacDV
source:		http://www.pacdv.com/sounds

* fire_sizzling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		ezwa
source:		http://soundbible.com

* fish_tank_trickle.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		dobroide
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* floor_creaking.ogg
file path:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		SoundJay
taken from:	http://www.soundjay.com

* fly_crazy.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		dobroide
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* fly_single.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/fly_single
author:		Herbert Boland
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* fly_swarm.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Benboncan
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* fog_horn.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Adam Smith
source:		http://www.shiphorns.com

* footsteps_spurs.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/human/
author:		CGEffex
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* footsteps_upstairs_female.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/human/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* footsteps_upstairs_male.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/human/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* freezer_hum.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* give_it.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Green Sun
source:		outtake from Green Sun studio session

* gunshot_long.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Rock Savage
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* gunshot_short.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Rock Savage
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* harddisk_writing.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		cooljoe
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* harley_start.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		johnmcd
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* heart.ogg
location:	sounds/items/revival/
author:		Woodingp
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* helicopter_pass-by.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* horse_galloping.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		dobroide
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* horse_snorting.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		ERH
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* ice_cracking.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* jet_idle.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Tomlija
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* kitten_meow.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		unknown
source:		http://www.bonessacademy.com

* metal_falling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Robinhood76
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* metal_creaking.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Timbre
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* mobile_deal_n3.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* mobile_deal_n7.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* mobile_ringtone.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Tempouser
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* motorcycle_pass-by.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		PacDV
source:		http://www.pacdv.com/sounds

* ocean_waves.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* owl_call_double.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Benboncan
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* owl_call_single.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Benboncan
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* police_car_pass-by.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Corsica_S
source:		http://soundbible.com

* portal_idle.ogg
file path:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		zimbot
taken from:	http://www.freesound.org

* school_bell.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		John Sauter
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* secret_found.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc
author:		grunz
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* shrubbery.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		schademans
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* slime_bubbling.ogg
file path:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Timbre
taken from:	http://www.freesound.org

* snoring.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/human/
author:		PacDV
source:		http://www.pacdv.com/sounds

* steam_leakage.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		altemark
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* strange_signal.ogg
file path:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		FreqMan
taken from:	http://www.freesound.org

* toilet_flush.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* toy_squeeze.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		m_O_m
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* train_intercity.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Kai Bergmann
source:		recorded in a German ICE train

* transformer_hum.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* truck_start.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		roscoetoon
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* ventilation_system.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		Sea Fury
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* warbling_vireo_calling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author:		Mike Koenig
source:		http://soundbible.com

* water_bubble_single.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Goldy-sama
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* water_bubbling_deep.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Razzvio
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* water_drain.ogg
file path:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		SoundJay
taken from:	http://www.soundjay.com

* water_drippling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		PacDV; vibe_crc
source:		http://www.pacdv.com/sounds; http://www.freesound.org
		
* water_droplet_double.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* water_droplet_echoing.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* water_droplet_single.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Mike Koenig
source:		http://soundbible.com

* water_droplets_echoing.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		vibe_crc
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* water_falling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		PacDV
source:		http://www.pacdv.com/sounds

* water_flowing.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* water_rippling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Sound Jay; roscoetoon
source:		http://www.soundjay.com; http://www.freesound.org

* water_shower.ogg
file path:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		SoundJay
taken from:	http://www.soundjay.com

* wind_chimes.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/misc/
author:		Sound Jay
source:		http://www.soundjay.com

* wind_icy.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Mark DiAngelo
source:		http://soundbible.com

* wind_night.ogg
file path:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Dynamicell
taken from:	http://www.freesound.org

* wind_stormy.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/ambient/
author:		Anton
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* wind_turbine.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/machine/
author:		dommygee
source:		http://www.freesound.org

* wolf_howling.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author		razor3D
source:		http://www.razor3donline.com

* wolf_howling2.ogg
location:	sounds/maps/animal/
author		Gorgoroth6669
source:		http://www.freesound.org